Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to design the cards item screen not to do this.
We are going to go to the cards, screen, cards, screen, and we can use contra and B to make this
wide OC and instead of returning the test widgets, we can get rid of this first and we are going to
return a card widget and we can give this card a height.
To do that, we have to sit.
Right.
And this is going to be size box.
Size box.
Okay.
And now we can give the height of hundred.
He is trying to save.
Okay.
And within the size box it has a property known as child, and the child is going to be a real widget.
And I believe you already know what a role does.
Role and role can take multiple widgets.
And the first site is going to be another size box.
And the reason for this is we want to have the image and basically we want to give this image a height
and a weight so we can then say, right, height is going to be 100.
And we'd.
It's going to be maybe 120 och this and och, och.
Nothing is missing.
And how do you try to come to format?
Okay.
And now we in the size box, we can have the child.
The child is going to be image.
Image DOD network.
Image net.
Sorry.
Okay.
And this is going to be card provider.
Card provider.
Provide our kids items and we want to assess each item by the index and then dot what image images you
are.
Well.
Okay.
And maybe we have to say dots to string.
And also what we want to do is we want to display the first image of that product.
To do that over here, we have to have this and say zero.
Because definitely the product has or can have multiple images.
And over here, what we are simply saying is we want to display the first image of that product.
And now how to train and use control and as to save.
And you should see it's over.
Yet you can see we already have the cards.
Okay, Cisco.
Right.
And you can see from this part to the spot is on the right.
And the image is 100%, 100% height and one 20% width.
Okay.
And now we can display the name of the product over here.
To do that, we can just use a column widget for this.
And the reason for this column is because over here we're going to have the name of the products and
over here we are going to have the price of the products.
To do that within the row.
Okay.
Tend to rule.
We can then have a column.
A column widget.
And a column can take multiple widgets.
And the first widget is going to be a test widget.
And now this is going to be cut provider, cut provider standard.
What that gets items and we want to assess each item and basically the name of the product like this
and use control and save.
Okay.
You should say it's over.
Over.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
And assuming we have a very long product name, what we can do is we can wrap this with something known
as flexible.
If not, we are going to have an overflow here.
I don't think we have this widget over here.
So we can just wrap this with a widget and this is going to be flex.
Flexi.
Flexible.
Okay.
And this.
Sorry.
Okay.
He's trying to save.
And lastly, within the test widget, it has a property.
It sends.
Okay.
Train a camera.
It has the property known as mudslide.
We can set this to two.
And the reason for this is, maybe in the future we can have a very long product name.
So this will basically get rid of the overflow.
Here is control and has to save.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And we can start this.
A date.
This is going to be sti.
Test.
STI.
The star.
We can increase the font size to 16 and we can then say font weight.
Font.
France, which.
Funds with.
That would.
Okay.
Our digital camera and use controller and se to save.
And let's go check this out.
Okay.
And lastly, maybe you can have a color.
This is going to be colors that.
Gray.
This country needs to save.
Okay.
I think we can just get rid of this for now.
And in the next lecture, we are going to display the price and we are going to have the quantity,
and that is the decrements and increments over here.
Okay, guys.